thank you for joining us here hockey is
calm don't forget to on our website
hockey Escom become a member it takes
three simple steps you guys can help us
write the equipment that you see viewed
here and also the other equipment that
we have listed on our website I'm going
to be reviewing this DNR sonic elbow pad
I just so you guys notice is a men's
medium that we've revealed for you today
and needs 351 grams that we waited in it
now this company again which I explained
in the in the shin guard video that this
is a company's been around for a long
time I believe this was bought off by a
private individual it was distributed
through igloo vikes key which was up in
Canada up until about maybe I'm guessing
this is the only guest now guys I'm only
guessing maybe about 10 years ago but
this pad that we had just gotten in some
samples we haven't worn these yet but
this is just something that we were able
to just try on to give us our honest
opinion and that's where you guys come
in because we want you to give us the
review on this and let us know what you
think about it as far as comfort
durability you know and everything else
that goes along with and protection at
all so um this here again it's a men's
medium and basically has the single cell
phones that are all throughout PVC
inserts that go through here one of the
key points that I'll show you is on the
outside this would actually be for my
right arm here it does have a nice /
guard protection here that protects you
against you know where the crook of your
arm would be here where your arm does
Bend and it's actually position nice
along with this break here so when you
do bend your arm and actually moves away
from me one thing that DNR did which I
really kind of do like is the is this
floating bicep protector that they put
on here as you can see its owner with a
few different straps so when you
actually put this on your arm it kind of
feels like it floats away the only thing
that kind of then takes away from that
is this little splash guard here the
splash guard I guess what you could
possibly do is because there's some
plastic and air you can form it around
to your arm a little bit better but
along with this strap and they've got
again with DNR with the strapping system
that they have they've got one two and
three three basic strap systems here to
help hold this on your arm now it does
hold it really nice and tight but I kind
of got the feel that the that my arm was
actually sitting or my elbow was
actually sitting elevated up above the
elbow
caviness which I didn't really get a
good feeling for again this is uh this
is a new pad that's out 409 and you're
not going to find these everywhere
there's only certain select dealers that
DNR has actually sold I believe that
they have to be in part of a certain
buying group that you have to be in to
to obtain these but you know it's a very
large pad this kind of reminds me of
like the old Cooper Tecna flexes with
the big elbow pad that's on it back
there so I'm going to rate this elbow
pad here for you let me see as far as a
comfort I'm going to give it a three
it's not bad as far as comfort but you
know you're with my arm feeling or my
elbow feeling like it was elevated above
there it didn't feel like it was
completely attached to my arm and one of
the other points that one of the guys
that was here trying on with us said
once you put your arm in here and you
kind of rotate your arm in here to do
whatever kind of feels like this plastic
piece here for your / guard is pushing
down on your arm which is a very
uncomfortable feeling so as far as
comfort will give it a three-door
ability again we'll give it a 4 i'm sure
that this elbow pad is up it's going to
last a long time it's got a lot of
components to it the only thing again
that i don't really like is this extract
that they're putting and i'll show you a
real close here does xtrap that are
putting in here which I know is going to
suck up a lot of moisture and eventually
lose its elasticity that's in there so
again as far as durability we'll give it
a 4 fit we'll give it a 3 really didn't
fit that well it does come in only just
a senior sighs a small medium and large
so as far as fit we will give that a
three for flexibility this is actually
very very flexible again with the priest
strapping system that they have right
here one two and three on this side here
it does flex very very well so you know
that actually was one of the pluses to
this elbow pad was the flexibility i
mean if any of you guys up there have a
bigger elbow pad like this i'd say maybe
give this a chance this is what you used
to wearing so we'll give that a for as
far as protection i will give us a five
there is not an area on your elbow or
your arm or your bicep that is not
covered by this pad is a pretty big pad
and every area that that you need
protection for is actually covered so
protection will give it a five visual
looks i'm going to give it a three for
visual looks it's not anything fancy
doesn't have any fancy padding in there
anything and i know some guys actually
like to buy just off of other visual
on a shelf so as far as visual looks we
will give it a 3 again this is a men's
medium and it's weighed in at 350 1 gram
so as far as weight i'm going to give it
a 4 and this does retail price wise in
the u.s. here for around fifty five
dollars so again you'd have to actually
go to their website dnr its website and
then find a local retailer in your area
because it's not carried by everybody
it's only through a certain elite group
of guys that are actually carrying this
product here so if you have any
questions again help us right to view
reviews and hopefully you guys that are
out there that belonged to the hockey
website that is calm that have this pad
you can help us out and write a review
on us let us know what you think about
the dnr sonic elbow pad thanks for
stopping by today